Add orbit information to node running page (#789)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/node-running/how-tos/running-a-full-node.mdx

### Required parameters

- Parent chain RPC URL
  - Use the parameter `--parent-chain.connection.url=<Parent chain RPC URL>`

>   - It must provide a standard evm node RPC endpoint that you run yourself or from a node provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - It must provide a standard RPC endpoint for an EVM node, whether self-hosted or obtained from a node service provider
```

>   - Would be set to appropriate Arb1, Nova, Sepolia RPC URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Would be set to appropriate Arbitrum One, Arbitrum Nova, or Arbitrum Sepolia RPC URL
```

>   - Note: [Arbitrum.io public RPCs](/node-running/node-providers.mdx) will rate limit connections, will need to run local node for parent chain or use 3rd party RPC providers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Note: [Arbitrum.io public RPCs](/node-running/node-providers.mdx) will rate limit connections, you will need to run a local node for the parent chain or relay on third party RPC providers
```

  - Note: this parameter was called --l1.url in versions prior to `v2.1.0`
- L2 chain id or name
  - Use the parameter `--chain.id=<L2 chain ID>` to set the L2 chain from its chain id. See [RPC endpoints and providers](/node-running/node-providers.mdx#rpc-endpoints) for a list of Arbitrum chains and their respective L2 chain ids.
  - Alternatively, you can use the parameter `--chain.name=<L2 chain name>` to set the L2 chain from its name (options are: `arb1`, `nova`, `goerli-rollup` and `sepolia-rollup`)
  - Note: this parameter was called --l2.chain-id and only accepted chain ids in versions prior to `v2.1.0`
- For Orbit chains

>   - `nodeConfig.json` will be generated when orbit chain is created, you need to set it using either `--conf.file` or `--chain.info-json` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `nodeConfig.json` will be generated when an Orbit chain is created, you need to set it using either `--conf.file` or `--chain.info-json` 
```

>   - `--conf.file` is the docker container's path of `nodeConfig.json`, you need put this file to mount point first. `--chain.info-json` is the json content itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `--conf.file` refers to the Docker container's location of `nodeConfig.json`. Initially, you must place this file at the designated mount point. As for -`-chain.info-json`, it represents the actual JSON content
```

>   - `--chain.name="My Arbitrum L3 Chain"` must be provided, and matches the chain name used in `--conf.file` file or `--chain.info-json` content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `--chain.name="My Arbitrum L3 Chain"` must be provided, and it must match the chain name that is used in `--conf.file` file or `--chain.info-json` content
```

>   - If anytrust chain, also need to supply `--node.data-availablity.enable` and then some ways to get the data like `--node.data-availability.rest-aggregator.enable` and associated options or `--node.data-availability.ipfs-storage.enable` and associated options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For an Anytrust chain, it is essential to provide `--node.data-availability.enable`. Additionally, you must choose a method for obtaining the data, such as enabling `--node.data-availability.rest-aggregator.enable` with its associated options, or opting for `--node.data-availability.ipfs-storage.enable` along with its associated options
```
